README.MD, before:

# Probe

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/yy19902439/yy19902439/_apis/build/status/SamYuan1990.Probe?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/yy19902439/yy19902439/_build/latest?definitionId=8&branchName=main)

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SamYuan1990/Probe?color=0088ff)](https://github.com/SamYuan1990/Probe/issues)

[![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/SamYuan1990/Probe?color=0088ff)](https://github.com/SamYuan1990/Probe/pulls)

[中文](README_ZH.MD)


## What is Probe

![Probe](/doc/Probe.png)

According to [blockchain-performance-metrics](https://www.hyperledger.org/learn/publications/blockchain-performance-metrics), Probe is a web GUI application for Hyperledger Fabric mantianer, user, research. Recently, aims at providing a way to control both SUT and LGC to find the best block config logic for specific chaincode for specific fabric network. Meanwhile has a better understanding of how block config impacts performance.

- Probe provides loop test control for given block parameter arrays.
- Probe provides TPS result review via GUI.
- Probe provides sample chaincode for some test cases.

Long term goal for Probe is a coordinator between Test Harness or LGC, SUT.

- Probe will allow you design shell scripts to schedule SUT and Test Harness.
- Probe will allow you investigate performance matrix with GUI in customer way.

**You can use Probe to ...**[HowToConfigFabricParameters](doc/HowToConfigFabricParameters.md)

---
**Sample run of [Probe](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Kz4y1179L)**

---

## Table Of Content

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Quick_Start](#Quick_Start)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Regards](#thanks-for-choosing)

---
## Prerequisites
1. Install this project `npm install`
1. Install fabric-sample environment
`curl -vsS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hyperledger/fabric/master/scripts/bootstrap.sh | bash`
**Note**
If the above curl command fails, it may be that the old version of curl cannot handle redirection or cannot be redirected due to network reasons in

some countries and regions. At this time, users can download the [bootstrap.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hyperledger/fabric/master/scripts/bootstrap.sh) script then run it.
1. Get tape `docker pull guoger/tape`
1. Apply the bridge file to adjust block parameters for test network `cp sample/prepareConfig.sh fabric-samples/test-network`
1. `npm start`

---

## Quick_Start

1. Access localhost:3000, click ![TestNetworkSample](doc/quick_sample.png)
1. Click![submit](doc/quicksample2.png)
1. Access `localhost:3000/result/BatchTimeout` to see TPS relationship with BatchTimeout
1. Access `localhost:3000/result/MaxMessageCount` to see TPS relationship with MaxMessageCount

---
## Contributing
Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -s`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

If your want to contribute Probe with new feature, bug fixing please create a new issue, of course with PR is best.
Also welcome for documentatoin, learning course, etc.
For development, please complete `Quick start` above.
For Frontend, please use `npm run build`.
For backend, please develop `--DryRun` as mock for unit test and adding real cases in CI

---
## License
Hyperledger Project source code files are made available under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (Apache-2.0), located in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

---
## Contact

* [Maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md)

---

## Why Probe

As discussed with [TWGC performance work group](https://github.com/Hyperledger-TWGC/fabric-performance-wiki), we found out that different block parameters, networks, chaincode language and chaincode logic having influence final TPS.

To answer, the best parameter for specific fabric network and fabric chaincode, this project been created.

## Probe is not

- Real time time monitor, for real time tps monitor, pls use Prometheus. (But Probe has demo for it with test network [here](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1x54y1x78Z))
- Auto test framework for Fabric performance, as in probe, we will invoke as byfn or minifab for your network up/down/cleanup.
- Performance test tool for Fabric, for this we using tape.
- GUI for tape, tape focus on once off time performance testing.


### THANKS FOR CHOOSING

Commit message:

impl for docker (#104)
* impl for docker

Signed-off-by: Sam Yuan <yy19902439@126.com>

* fix up for naming

Signed-off-by: Sam Yuan <yy19902439@126.com>

README.MD, after:

# Probe

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/yy19902439/yy19902439/_apis/build/status/SamYuan1990.Probe?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/yy19902439/yy19902439/_build/latest?definitionId=8&branchName=main)

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SamYuan1990/Probe?color=0088ff)](https://github.com/SamYuan1990/Probe/issues)

[![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/SamYuan1990/Probe?color=0088ff)](https://github.com/SamYuan1990/Probe/pulls)

[中文](README_ZH.MD)


## What is Probe

![Probe](/doc/Probe.png)

According to [blockchain-performance-metrics](https://www.hyperledger.org/learn/publications/blockchain-performance-metrics), Probe is a web GUI application for Hyperledger Fabric mantianer, user, research. Recently, aims at providing a way to control both SUT and LGC to find the best block config logic for specific chaincode for specific fabric network. Meanwhile has a better understanding of how block config impacts performance.

- Probe provides loop test control for given block parameter arrays.
- Probe provides TPS result review via GUI.
- Probe provides sample chaincode for some test cases.

Long term goal for Probe is a coordinator between Test Harness or LGC, SUT.

- Probe will allow you design shell scripts to schedule SUT and Test Harness.
- Probe will allow you investigate performance matrix with GUI in customer way.

**You can use Probe to ...**[HowToConfigFabricParameters](doc/HowToConfigFabricParameters.md)

---
**Sample run of [Probe](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Kz4y1179L)**

---

## Table Of Content

* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Quick_Start](#Quick_Start)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Regards](#thanks-for-choosing)

---
## Prerequisites
1. Install this project `npm install`
1. Install fabric-sample environment
`curl -vsS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hyperledger/fabric/master/scripts/bootstrap.sh | bash`
**Note**
If the above curl command fails, it may be that the old version of curl cannot handle redirection or cannot be redirected due to network reasons in

some countries and regions. At this time, users can download the [bootstrap.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hyperledger/fabric/master/scripts/bootstrap.sh) script then run it.
1. Get tape `docker pull guoger/tape`
1. Apply the bridge file to adjust block parameters for test network `cp sample/prepareConfig.sh fabric-samples/test-network`
1. `npm start`

---

## Quick_Start

1. Access localhost:3000, click ![TestNetworkSample](doc/quick_sample.png)
1. Click![submit](doc/quicksample2.png)
1. Access `localhost:3000/result/BatchTimeout` to see TPS relationship with BatchTimeout
1. Access `localhost:3000/result/MaxMessageCount` to see TPS relationship with MaxMessageCount

--- 

## Docker
If you want to try with docker usage, welcome to use
`docker run -d --rm --name Probe -p 3000:3000 -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v $(pwd):/home/probe \
  19902439/probe:latest`
it is based on alphine, and which means, you may need to make sure your minifab/fabric sample works instead, as install for `configtxgen` or able to use docker in docker.

---
## Contributing
Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -s`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

If your want to contribute Probe with new feature, bug fixing please create a new issue, of course with PR is best.
Also welcome for documentatoin, learning course, etc.
For development, please complete `Quick start` above.
For Frontend, please use `npm run build`.
For backend, please develop `--DryRun` as mock for unit test and adding real cases in CI

---
## License
Hyperledger Project source code files are made available under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (Apache-2.0), located in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

---
## Contact

* [Maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md)

---

## Why Probe

As discussed with [TWGC performance work group](https://github.com/Hyperledger-TWGC/fabric-performance-wiki), we found out that different block parameters, networks, chaincode language and chaincode logic having influence final TPS.

To answer, the best parameter for specific fabric network and fabric chaincode, this project been created.

## Probe is not

- Real time time monitor, for real time tps monitor, pls use Prometheus. (But Probe has demo for it with test network [here](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1x54y1x78Z))
- Auto test framework for Fabric performance, as in probe, we will invoke as byfn or minifab for your network up/down/cleanup.
- Performance test tool for Fabric, for this we using tape.
- GUI for tape, tape focus on once off time performance testing.


### THANKS FOR CHOOSING
